---
layout: layouts/post.njk
title: "Wintersday 2010"
date: "2010-12-17"
categories: 
  - "game-events"
  - "guild-wars"
  - "guild-wars-2"
  - "news"
---

> For centuries, the goddess of life, Dwayna, who welcomes the coming of spring, has struggled with the god of death, Grenth, for control of Wintersday. This year, the god of war, Balthazar, has thrown his support behind Grenth, who vehemently believes that Wintersday should be a somber time of reflection on the inevitability of death. The Priests of Balthazar feel that the merriment of Wintersday is a glaring example of the weakness of humanity, and have vowed to aid Grenth with his seasonal shenanigans. In response, the goddess of nature, Melandru, has come to Dwayna’s assistance for fear of an endless winter destroying the delicate balance of nature!
> 
> Join the heated battle for the fate of this chilly holiday with our striking new Melandru and Balthazar costumes and our brand-new Wintersday challenge. As always, the towns of Lion's Arch, Droknar's Forge, Ascalon City, Kamadan, and the Eye of the North will be decked out in Wintersday decorations. Visitors to Lion's Arch, Kamadan, and the Eye of the North will be invited to participate in holiday quests, missions, and games, all with their own rewards.

It's that time of year again. Wintersday is coming to Guild Wars. It will run between December 16th 2010 until January 4th, 2011. The Wintersday grand finale runs every 3 hours starting at 12:01 am PST on Saturday, January 1st, 2011, and ending 12:01 am PST on Sunday, January 2nd, 2011,

http://wiki.guildwars.com/wiki/Wintersday\_2010
